docs: add EFS to documentation (#1978)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/storage.md

!!!info
    All names are converted into SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE based on their use of hyphens or underscores. You can view the environment variables for a given service by running `copilot svc show`.

You can also create a [DynamoDB table](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html) using `copilot storage init`. For example, to create the Cloudformation template for a table with a sort key and a local secondary index, you could run the following command.

```bash
# For a guided experience.
$ copilot storage init -t DynamoDB

# Or by providing flags to skip the prompts.
$ copilot storage init -n users -t DynamoDB -w api --partition-key id:N --sort-key email:S --lsi post-count:N
```

This will create a DynamoDB table called `${app}-${env}-${svc}-users`. Its partition key will be `id`, a `Number` attribute; its sort key will be `email`, a `String` attribute; and it will have a [local secondary index](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/LSI.html) (essentially an alternate sort key) on the `Number` attribute `post-count`. 

## File Systems
Mounting an EFS volume in Copilot tasks requires two things:

> 1. That you create an [EFS file system](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/whatisefs.html) in the region of the environment you wish to use it with

Reviewer: nit: add period to match below? or add "or" to the end?
And maybe "...in the desired environment's region" or "...in the target environment's region" or something like that to make it less wordy?

2. That you create an [EFS Mount Target](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/accessing-fs.html) using the Copilot environment security group in each subnet of your environment. 

When those prerequisites are satisfied, you can enable EFS storage using simple syntax in your manifest. You'll need the filesystem ID and, if using, the access point configuration for the filesystem.

!!!info
    You can only use a given EFS file system in a single environment at a time. Mount targets are limited to one per availability zone; therefore, you must delete any existing mount targets before bringing the file system to Copilot if you have used it in another VPC. 

### Manifest Syntax
The simplest possible EFS volume can be specified with the following syntax:

```yaml
storage:
  volumes:

>     myEFSVolume: # This is a variable key and can be set to arbitrary strings.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
    myEFSVolume: # This is a variable key and can be set to an arbitrary string.
```

      path: '/etc/mount1'
      efs:
        id: fs-1234567 
```

> This will create a read-only mounted volume in your service or job's container using the filesystem `fs-1234567`. If mount targets are not created in the subnets of the environment, the task will fail to launch. 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
This will create a read-only mounted volume in your service's or job's container using the filesystem `fs-1234567`. If mount targets are not created in the subnets of the environment, the task will fail to launch. 
```

```bash
$ SUBNETS=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name ${YOUR_APP}-${YOUR_ENV} \
  | jq '.Stacks[] | .Outputs[] | select(.OutputKey == "PublicSubnets") | .OutputValue')
$ SUBNET1=$(echo $SUBNETS | jq -r 'split(",") | .[0]')
$ SUBNET2=$(echo $SUBNETS | jq -r 'split(",") | .[1]')
$ ENV_SG=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name ${YOUR_APP}-${YOUR_ENV} \
  | jq -r '.Stacks[] | .Outputs[] | select(.OutputKey == "EnvironmentSecurityGroup") | .OutputValue')
```

Once you have these, create the mount targets.
```bash
$ MOUNT_TARGET_1_ID=$(aws efs create-mount-target \
    --subnet-id $SUBNET_1 \
    --security-groups $ENV_SG \
    --file-system-id $EFS_ID | jq -r .MountTargetID)
$ MOUNT_TARGET_2_ID=$(aws efs create-mount-target \
    --subnet-id $SUBNET_2 \
    --security-groups $ENV_SG \
    --file-system-id $EFS_ID | jq -r .MountTargetID)
```

Once you've done this, you can specify the `storage` configuration in the manifest as above. 

##### Cleanup

Delete the mount targets using the AWS CLI. 

```bash
$ aws efs delete-mount-target --mount-target-id $MOUNT_TARGET_1
$ aws efs delete-mount-target --mount-target-id $MOUNT_TARGET_2
```

#### CloudFormation

> Here's an example of how you might create the appropriate EFS infrastructure for an external file system using the [Addons](../developing/additional-aws-resources.md) functionality. 

Reviewer 2: We can remove this line now :)

# Storage

> There are two ways to add persistence to Copilot workloads: using [`copilot storage init`](#database-and-artifacts) to create databases and S3 buckets; and attaching an existing EFS filesystem using the [`storage` key](#file-systems) in the manifest. 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
There are two ways to add persistence to Copilot workloads: using [`copilot storage init`](#database-and-artifacts) to create databases and S3 buckets; and attaching an existing EFS filesystem using the [`storage` field](#file-systems) in the manifest. 
```

## Database and Artifacts

To add a database or S3 bucket to your job or service, simply run [`copilot storage init`](../commands/storage-init.md).
```bash
$ copilot storage init -n my-bucket -t S3 -w api
```
The above command will create the Cloudformation template for an S3 bucket in the [addons](../developing/additional-aws-resources.md) directory for the "api" service. The next time you run `copilot deploy -n api`, the bucket will be created, permission to access it will be added to the `api` task role, and the name of the bucket will be injected into the `api` container under the environment variable `MY_BUCKET_NAME`. 

> All names are converted into SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE based on their use of hyphens or underscores. You can view the environment variables for a given service by running `copilot svc show`.

Reviewer 3: A small question: should "All names....`copilot svc show`" be put into a !!!info block? 

I feel like this is like a small digress from the main topic "storage" and visually separating it somehow may help keeping the reading experience smooth.

You can also create a [DynamoDB table](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html) using `copilot storage init`. For example, to create the Cloudformation template for a table with a sort key and a local secondary index, you could run the following command.

```bash

> $ copilot storage init -n users -t DynamoDB -w api --partition-key id:N --sort-key email:S --lsi post-count:N

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should not show all these flags? To encourage users to use the guided path instead.

I saw in many of our issues that folks use the flags instead of prompts. I wonder if it's because of our examples or docs.

Reviewer 2: Or maybe we can write it like this:
```suggestion
# For a guided experience.
$ copilot storage init

# Or by providing the flags to skip the prompts.
$ copilot storage init -n users -t DynamoDB -w api --partition-key id:N --sort-key email:S --lsi post-count:N
```

When those prerequisites are satisfied, you can enable EFS storage using simple syntax in your manifest. You'll need the filesystem ID and, if using, the access point configuration for the filesystem.

!!!info
    You can only use a given EFS file system in a single environment at a time. Mount targets are limited to one per availability zone; therefore, you must delete any existing mount targets before bringing the file system to Copilot if you have used it in another VPC. 

### Manifest Syntax
The simplest possible EFS volume can be specified with the following syntax:

```yaml
storage:
  volumes:
    myEFSVolume: # This is a variable key and can be set to arbitrary strings.
      path: '/etc/mount1'
      efs:
        id: fs-1234567 
```

This will create a read-only mounted volume in your service or job's container using the filesystem `fs-1234567`. If mount targets are not created in the subnets of the environment, the task will fail to launch. 

Full syntax for storage follows. 

```yaml
storage:
  volumes:
    {{ volume name }}:

>       path: {{ path at which to mount }} # Required.

Reviewer 2: nit: should we clarify this is for the container? whereas `root_dir` below is clearly for the FS.

To retrieve the filesystem ID, you can use the AWS CLI:
```bash
$ EFS_FILESYSTEMS=$(aws efs describe-file-systems | \
  jq '.FileSystems[] | {ID: .FileSystemId, CreationTime: .CreationTime, Size: .SizeInBytes.Value}')
```

If you `echo` this variable you should be able to find which filesystem you need. Assign it to the variable `$EFS_ID` and continue.

You'll also need the public subnets of the Copilot environment and the Environment Security Group. This jq command will filter the output of the describe-stacks call down to simply the desired output value. 

!!!info
    The filesystem you use MUST be in the same region as your Copilot environment!

```bash
$ SUBNETS=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name ${YOUR_APP}-${YOUR_ENV} \
  | jq '.Stacks[] | .Outputs[] | select(.OutputKey == "PublicSubnets") | .OutputValue')
$ SUBNET1=$(echo $SUBNETS | jq -r 'split(",") | .[0]')
$ SUBNET2=$(echo $SUBNETS | jq -r 'split(",") | .[1]')
$ ENV_SG=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name ${YOUR_APP}-${YOUR_ENV} \
  | jq -r '.Stacks[] | .Outputs[] | select(.OutputKey == "EnvironmentSecurityGroup") | .OutputValue')
```

> Once you have these, creating mount targets is simple. 

Reviewer 2: nit: maybe we shouldn't say simple here :D since it's a lot of work to get to this point.
```suggestion
Once you have these, create the mount targets: 
```

```bash
$ MOUNT_TARGET_1_ID=$(aws efs create-mount-target \
    --subnet-id $SUBNET_1 \
    --security-groups $ENV_SG \
    --file-system-id $EFS_ID | jq -r .MountTargetID)
$ MOUNT_TARGET_2_ID=$(aws efs create-mount-target \
    --subnet-id $SUBNET_2 \
    --security-groups $ENV_SG \
    --file-system-id $EFS_ID | jq -r .MountTargetID)
```

Once you've done this, you can specify the `storage` configuration in the manifest as above. 

##### Cleanup

Delete the mount targets using the AWS CLI. 

```bash
$ aws efs delete-mount-target --mount-target-id $MOUNT_TARGET_1
$ aws efs delete-mount-target --mount-target-id $MOUNT_TARGET_2
```

> #### With Addons

Reviewer 2: I wonder if instead of addons, we should just say `CloudFormation` and not go through the hack of creating a job.

Something like:
```
If you'd like to create a EFS FS from scratch, you can use the create a new CloudFormation stack using the following template:
```

      Encrypted: true

  MountTargetPublicSubnet1:
    Type: AWS::EFS::MountTarget
    Properties: 
      FileSystemId: !Ref EFSFileSystem
      SecurityGroups: 
        - Fn::ImportValue:
            !Sub "${App}-${Env}-EnvironmentSecurityGroup"
      SubnetId: !Select 
        - 0
        - !Split 
            - ","
            - Fn::ImportValue:
                !Sub "${App}-${Env}-PublicSubnets"
      
  MountTargetPublicSubnet2:
    Type: AWS::EFS::MountTarget
    Properties:
      FileSystemId: !Ref EFSFileSystem
      SecurityGroups:
        - Fn::ImportValue:
            !Sub "${App}-${Env}-EnvironmentSecurityGroup"
      SubnetId: !Select 
        - 1
        - !Split 
            - ","
            - Fn::ImportValue:
                !Sub "${App}-${Env}-PublicSubnets"

```

Then, deploy your scheduled job again: 
```bash
$ copilot job deploy -n efs-job
```

This will create an EFS file system and the mount targets needed to allow tasks to attach to it. You can get the ID of this filesystem with the AWS CLI and jq.
```bash
$ aws efs describe-file-systems | \
  jq -r '.FileSystems[] | select((.Tags[]|select(.Key=="copilot-service")|.Value) =="efs-helper") | .FileSystemId'

> ```

Reviewer 2: nit: instead of doing this can we `Output` the FileSystemID in the stack above so that in the yaml below we can just write:
```yaml
efs:
        id: {{ the FileSystemID output }}
```
